stage
the ONU
the uribe president
the text
what I say said so
zarco lombi to risk measurement moody's
you wanted Colombians good night
they went with a president a pri
welcome I could still made armor
tulum to allende on the continent
only then
with me at the helm the country will feel a sense of freshness
her daughter's assets
there will be justice for all but the one that the nba renck facts
it was a horrible moment that did not come together
I would continue to offer money to informants
dorín de circus we had eta made the north before what he believes
I will not let the congress fight like dogs and cats
poor edition monitors of the pri manuel
will offer rewards to those who bring the towel in the North Sea
by the way that I on Monday of the general electric
to finish with the monkey jojoy they take the juice to the general mora rangel
the ship is over
porsche urging freddy kruger was notorious walls
I retired the most forceful
I assure you that tirofijo will be in jail model at Christmas singing
Christmas carols
I did not vote for rest review looking for nemo
I will not rest until I finish the big shots
the biggest increase in eight cocri thickener
during my government there will be no elephants behind my back
maturano hard the champions hotels and the armani linyera
nor for the pil is impossible
I'll try to get Pancho Maturana to classify the World Cup selection
Germany
itaipú that five centuries ago
the other version the dimayor power ranger
Bogota January did not have either
I will try that during my term of office come colombia the Pope Juan Pablo Second
efe colombia against liverpool but messi time antón which environments
our goal to get is for the poor and I donate
There he emphasized it and according to Pastrana because the death bulletin
Adela who was not able to make pastrana
to work and work
in sight and according to tubik clinton had a statement
from the invitation area to Bill Clinton to vote again were
this is equivalent to president rexona
colombia with security toti in is a president who does not leave you a place
for the president happens